I have always been um
motorcycle
No problem yes
What for?
Kid goes to modern
That's the Soul Breaker
Driving on Huangquan Road is dead
As long as you drive over
I'll give you 100,000
100,000 bucks I'll go
I'll go. Okay.
Wait in place
I'll be there in a minute
You go, you're dead again
I am not afraid of poverty, am I still afraid of death?
Before the ghost port opens
Cancel him now.
The order was successfully received.
Oh, it's too late.
This is 100,000
We don't get paid until we finish the job.
It's okay, take the shoes.
Are you afraid that I will run away with the money?
There are two kinds of people in the world who cannot owe money
One is a woman who sells flesh
I owe them money to save Yingde
The other is the dead
Does the money owed to the dead cost you a long life?
Stay off the road.
If someone stops the car on the road
Let them in the car
Take them to their destination
Your mission is complete
Boy must pay attention
Weak fat women must pay attention